# Introduction
Alcohol is enjoyed by many as a way to destress after a long day of working. According to the [National Survey on Drug Use and Health](https://nsduhweb.rti.org/respweb/homepage.cfm), "86.3 percent of people ages 18 or older reported that they drank alcohol at some point in their lifetime; 70.0 percent reported that they drank in the past year; 55.3 percent reported that they drank in the past month." This tells us that most people would like to drink alcohol during their breaks, but of all the alcohol present in our daily lives, what is the most prominent alcohol people usually drink? In a 2018 survey made by the [Statista Global Consumer Survey](https://www.statista.com/customercloud/global-consumer-survey) 38.7% of people aged 18 to 29 would choose to drink wine over different alcoholic beverage. What is wine? Wine is a kind of alcoholic beverage made by fermented juices of grapes. Wine can be of different colors, textures, and fermentations, and can vary in results. For this project, we will be focusing more on the quality of wine and how to achieve that.

# Problem
Wine has different kinds of processing. As stated by the [Wine Month Club](https://www.winemonthclub.com/the-wine-making-process), there are five steps in making wine. These are "harvesting", "crushing and pressing", "fermentation", "clarification", and "aging and bottling". In this project, we will be looking at what kind of processes can increase the quality of wine. If so, based on the info, what process can hypothetically make the best quality of wine.

# Interest
Of course, with this information, people who are part of the wine making business may be interested so that they would know what type of processes can improve the quality of the wine itself. Sommeliers (wine stewards), wine testers, or even people who have a hobby of drinking wine may be interested with the information since they will want to know what kinds of processes did they wine makers do, or maybe just nowing what content does each wine have.
